rescue diver jonas taylor is attempting
to save the crew of a damaged nuclear
submarine when he sees the hull of the
sub being rammed by an unidentified
creature
two of his crew are trapped in the
damaged sub taylor is forced to flee
realizing that attempting rescue would
result in the death of everyone on the
deep submergence rescue vehicle
moments later the nuclear sub implodes
taylor's account of the story is
dismissed by fellow survivor dr heller
who believes that taylor turned coward
due to induced pressure psychosis
five years later billionaire jack morris
meets dr minwa jang at a 1.3 billion
underwater research facility called mana
one which morris has financed
jang and his daughter sooyen an
oceanographer supervise a mission to
explore what could be an even deeper
section of the mariana trench
concealed by a thermocline of hydrogen
sulfide
the mission submersible is piloted by
laurie taylor's ex-wife
accompanied by scientists toshi in the
wall their theory proves true as they
discover an abundance of never seen
flora and fauna below the thermocline
a large unidentified creature collides
with the submersible and causes it to
lose contact with mana one
an old friend of taylor's mana one
operations manager james mac mcrides
suggests sending taylor down to attempt
to rescue
despite hella's objections jang and mack
ventured to thailand to recruit taylor
taylor is initially skeptical and
reluctant but relents after listening to
a taped recording which contains
dialogue between laurie
her crew and mana one sooyin attempts
the rescue in their absence but is
attacked by a giant squid
before the squid can crush her
submersible it is killed by a gigantic
25 meter
82 feet long 150 ton
170 ton shark taylor
having agreed to help reaches mana one
and saves lori on the wall
but toshi realizes he needs to sacrifice
himself if he wants his friends to live
when the shark returns he shuts the
hatch to the bigger sub
allowing the others to escape while he
diverts the creature's attention
back at mana 1 the crew discovers that
the giant shark is a megalodon
the largest shark ever discovered and
thought to be extinct for two million
years
while discussing how to deal with it
sooyin's daughter maeing witnesses the
shark outside the observation ring
as it bisects a humpback whale in one
bite the crew realizes that it followed
them through a temporary break they
caused in the thermocline
allowing it to escape the team resolves
to go out and first track the meg and
then kill it with poison
with su yin in a shark proof tank
however
the mission goes awry when after the
shark is injected
the meg begins to swallow the cage and
in doing so cracks sujin's mask
making her lose oxygen taylor then gets
her out as she blacks out only to have
the meg return
however it gets snagged on the wire
connecting the cage to the ship
stalling it long enough to kill it in
their moment of triumph
a second much larger megalodon emerges
killing the wall
devouring the dead megalodon and fatally
wounding zhang
heller sacrifices himself to save jax
morris enlists a mercenary team to depth
charge the shark
but falls overboard in the failed
attempt and is killed
receiving no assistance from surrounding
governments taylor and the remaining
mana one crew resolve to track and kill
the shark on their own
the megalodon is on route to a crowded
beach on sanya bay in china
it kills several beachgoers before the
mana won crew project's audio of a whale
call to divert the shark's attention
toward them
taylor then chooses to sacrifice himself
to kill the megalodon after su yin is
put out of action to save the others
taylor manages to cut the megalodon's
abdomen with his sub
as well as stab it in the eye with
poison smaller sharks
attracted by the megalodon's blood
approach and devour the immobilized
megalodon
one of the sharks a hammerhead shark
starts swimming towards taylor
before the shark can attack him sooyin
hits it with her sub
taylorie joins suyn lorri mac jax
meijing and dj and he may ying and su
jing consider taking a vacation together
[Music]
you